I have investigated
The diamond he gave
It's not a cheap man-made diamond at all.
It's a rare real diamond worth over a million
The superintendent just called me
Notify me of a homeowners' meeting
I just found out.
He bought the house we lived in
Your delivery guy is an invisible billionaire
This is better than a frog turning into a prince
And wonderful.
Shh! He called.
Hello wife
I have a lot of takeout orders today, and I am very busy.
I don't have time to pick you up from get off work.
Then you go home early
I'll wait for you at home. Okay.
When are you going to tell him?
Your true identity
I don't know. You want to keep it a secret?
I just miss the ordinary days with him
Just go on like this
You want him to be your takeout guy all the time
Neither
I just don't want him to get rich